hello and welcome to easy gluten free
today we're going to be making this very
simple four ingredient pumpkin butter
now honestly there's no easier way to
add full flavor to your toast than with
this one and once you make a batch you
could use it in so many ways you can add
a few spoonfuls to your pancake batter
to make fall off lyrics or top your rice
pudding with it I mean the ideas are
really endless once you make a batch of
this it won't last long in the fridge
now all you have to do is stir together
one 15-ounce can of pumpkin puree which
is about 2 cups make sure it's pumpkin
puree and now pumpkin pie filling 3/4 of
a cup of firmly packed brown sugar you
could add more if you'd like things
really sweet 1/2 cup of water and 1
tablespoon of pumpkin pie spice now if
you can't get your hands on pumpkin pie
spice stir together 1 teaspoon of
cinnamon with 1/2 teaspoon each of the
other spices to the left there and
before we even put this one on the heat
I like to stir the ingredients to get
them pretty well combined now we just
have to cook this over a medium heat
until it begins to bubble then start
pretty continuously for 10 to 15 minutes
or until it reaches the thickness that
you want actually it's gonna be a little
thinner than the finished product
because it's gonna thicken up a bit in a
refrigerator - at this point I like to
store it in a glass jar or Pyrex Bowl
then let it cool down the room
temperature before I put it in the
fridge to cool completely and when you
serve this one the possibilities are
endless from simply spreading it on
toast or kicking your rice pudding up a
little bit for the holidays - bringing
brunch to a whole new level
trust me this pumpkin butter won't last
long in the fridge and if you'd like to
print a copy of today's recipe check out
my blog in the link below and to make
sure you don't miss my next video
where I show you how to make this
spectacular stack of fall flavored
pancakes don't forget to subscribe see
you again soon